mit has mineralised an equation BB cream
because it just gives me a glowy dewy
skin like Kim tae-hee she having the
drama and also I'm using my auntie
cushion BB cream together so they are
both from East house and they're my
favorite foundation and BB creams
my NARS concealer to give that bright
looking under icicle because I don't
like my eyes to look dark or dull
because she had really junky makeup but
you feel like she had a lot of face
makeup to make her face look really
really pretty and clear you know makeup
makeup look for makeup so yeah when
tomorrow comes I'll be on my own feeling
frightened of things that I don't know
when tomorrow comes tomorrow see the
powder to you know to not have any
creases on my under-eye and though the
road is long I look up to the sky and
then the dugout fell a so clear I won't
fly and sing my naked busy palette to
contour my nose and also my cheek a
little bit more because she had really
v-line face and really kind of slimmed
by yet right nose and I pretty slim nose
but still I want to contour right about
here because my nose is a bit more wider
this side more than this side so yeah
and I'm trying to make my face look a
lot more skinnier so yeah and I'm just
using the brown color from the palette
along
I got all I need when I got you and I
look for the lips I'm using my para para
lip tint took my at value lips that
really love she I really pinky kind of
red lip but you always switch off with
red or pink I'm just using red because
you guys know that I love red it looks
good on me I need to always tell the
guys dad because I don't want people to
be like you're not even doing this a
makeup she has pink that's why in
reality I don't want people to complain
about it I'm just using my paper
elliptic in the middle of my lips and
this time my gradient lips is gonna be a
bit different and I'll show you guys why
I mean sweet life I'm stuck in the top a
on the flash lab using the red color but
the right it's gonna be really in the
middle only and I'm trying my best to
not surpass I was like my lips you can
see that you see my real skin color
right about here and above my lips cuz
she only had inside and a little bit of
outside of her lips but right about here
she had her real lip color because it
makes you look a bit more sick at the
same time getting me getting me through
the night
kick some Mahato I decided in my cheek
she had a really rosy kind of light pink
cheeks I'm just blending my really kind
of vibrant pink with a Coralie kind of
pink together cuz she's kind of she's
always sleeping so it's kind of weird to
have it right about here cuz it makes
her Facebook kind of weird so you need
to start from your outside of your cheek
and come towards your apple of your
cheek and just an extra you know effect
on my face to make my face look a bit
more slimmer and also towards you guys
but not like crazy I'm just using my
Nicki busy palette and using the color
Venus it's a kind of like a champagne
kind of color to highlight your face so
I'm just using on my nose can't lie
I just using my mascara and this is the
best mascara for this maker tutorial
because this makes my lashes look real
separated and long like she had in the
drama she did not have any eye shadow in
the drama stuck in the dark but you're
my flashlight you're getting me getting
me through the night finish makeup and
it was pretty awesome and I had fun
filming this video for the first time
because it's been a long time since I
did a and then natural-looking Korean
drama makeup like I don't know this
makeup today I really liked it I felt
like this is my my everyday makeup kinda
call me subscribe thumbs up and comment
and tell me what kind of key drop me
want to see from you make up to say oh
captain really natural as possible like
always but I did show you guys our
tricks and ways to make your makeup look
better and you know just talk about some
product that I'd be using the video I'd
be excited and I even just really fancy
for this year like rank dress because
she had like dressing in the drama like
an angel and her hair was kind of wavy
curls I do my afford to put into my hair
as well my flesh